That's interesting.
So that's referring to more that there should be a consistent habit
versus, uh, the total amount to, to me,
like the entirety of the picture of sleep is, uh,
it's similar to nutrition in that it feels like it's,
there's so many variables involved and it's so person specific.
So, you know, a lot of studies, I mean,
this is the way of science has to look in aggregate the effects on sleep.
It doesn't focus on high performers in which are individuals ultimately
like the question isn't. Uh, so it's a very important question is like,
what kind of diet at fights obesity reduces obesity?
It's another question.
What kind of diet allows David Goggins to be the best version of himself?
So these high performers in different avenues and the same thing with sleep,
like people that tell me that actually get eight hours of sleep.
It's like it it's, I, I mean, I,
I get it and they may be right, but they may be very wrong.
And there's no evidence that eight is better than six,
that you could very well do better on six than on eight.
There are a few other things that, um,
turn out to be strong parameters for success in this domain, for instance,
your entire life we aching or sleep is broken up into these 90 minute Alterian
cycles. If you look at ability to attend or do math problems or do anything,
you know,
drive performance tends to ramp up slowly within a 90 minute
cycle peak and then come down at the end of that 90 minute cycle.
And in sleep, we go through these stage 1, 2, 3, 4 REM, et cetera.
We took more about if you like those on 90 minute Alterian cycles as well,
ending your sleep after a 90 minute cycle at the,
at the near the end of a 90 minute cycle, say at the end of six hours,
in many cases is better for you than sleeping an additional hours, seven hours,
and waking up in the middle of an Alterian cycle.
And there are few apps that can measure this based on body move and things like
that, that have you, your alarm go off at the end of an Alterian cycle. Yeah.
And if you wake up in the middle of an Alterian cycle, sometimes not always,
you can be very groggy for a long period of time.
I certainly do better on six hours than I do on seven.
I happen to like an eight hour sleep. It feels great,
but I haven't slept an entire eight hour without waking up in the middle of the
night at some point in, I dunno, forever. I, I can't remember.
It's probably some point in infancy, but.